Vice President, I know I was wrong.
Fortunately, it didn't affect the two of you's recognition of each other.
Just give me another chance.
Noisy. If I hadn't been here today,
I'm afraid you still don't realize your fault.
I've never seen such a shameless person like you.
Not even eight o'clock chef ethics.
Because you apologize, we will accept it.
Send the direct letter early. yes.
Walk. Walk. I leave.
I know.
Vice President. I'm relieved that you're okay.
I didn't expect that you would be so low-key and mean to be so outstanding.
Vice President, the sound of his cooking,
It must be the same force.
From now on, we will have a wife in our hotel.
It must be that the guests are also closed.
And open your own hotel
The new drug hotel is ready
You and I are building tall buildings on our own.
That has to be your interest
From the moment I took you
it just can
And if you hadn’t saved me in the first place
This can also be regarded as your own choice of chess.
Then say so
He gave himself a rich husband
Today I want hotel staff from all over the world
Started from the back
I listen to you
This will be arranged